Loyal fan Regatta Altafim of Pope denounced two draws 7 to 7 gala of the
ceases
boy who plays heart like that, our lady in squad squad went to
toa all sides by accident at the mine
decided at the last minute this result for people even though it is a
third place for our city there to our region is very important the weight
has no idea of ​​what this being is meant to respect this third
We have a place for us there the city is still and for us it's as if
was a title because the people now debuting right now in the gold series is a
next work has been done two years there is not with the one with this group
group that was champion in the series silver and now tardin of the results seriously
also
assaf and August 15 faced so very happy I think the sky by our
first year I think it's a good size our board of our city
is very happy with this result for us as if it were a real title
accompanied the staff
I came back with the idea today that this jump spending is very supportive and we did
pacers also with the previous year
if you were the people decide this
it is decided that credit companies hire production team was
ball stopped our region there was very lacking in this lcls sponsorship terms
of help
Thank goodness, the older people, the prefecture of jumping who is giving a
very big support for us there and it is what sustains the ball show today is a
idea prefecture of são martinho drink the hemlock true wisdom
in short his conduct of who today the sun rises coupled in the area of ​​the city hall
come on let's go
I thank you there for your support and for the media and for the press, everyone is
this is what makes our futsal grow
and now in the afternoon
in Germany that pregnancy
Jose Serra
satisfied with third place is equivalent and he played a lot of
name says it all ball show and we're staying here but nothing big
hug you connect www confusion with the field of brito usa 2007 is the futsal
from the stage léo márcio